What is asthma?
How can I tell if someone is having an asthma attack?
What sort of medication will they use?
What does an inhaler look like?
What is a spacer?
When should I call 911?
What do I do if the person stops breathing?
What do I do if the bleeding soaks through the item I've used?
What should I do if there is an embedded object in the wound?
Should I wash the wound?
The person looks pale and feels cold and dizzy. What does this mean?
Should I worry about infection or catching something from their blood?
How do I treat nosebleeds?
What is a heart attack?
How can I tell if someone is having a heart attack?
What is the difference between a heart attack and cardiac arrest?
Can I give them aspirin?
What if the person has medication to use?
What is angina?
What should I do if they become unresponsive?
How can I tell if someone has a broken bone?
How do I support a broken bone?
If a bone looks unnatural or dislocated, should I put it back in place?
What do I do if the person wonÕt let me support the injury?
What if everything looks normal and they only have a bruise?
The person can move their limb or stand on it. Does this mean they probably haven't got a broken a bone?
What can I apply to the injury to reduce swelling and pain?
What is concussion?
What are the signs and symptoms of concussion?
Should I watch a person who has a head injury to see if they have concussion?
How do I know whether to call an ambulance?
Can I give them painkillers for their headache?
What if the person becomes unresponsive as the result of a head injury?
What should I do if the head injury is bleeding heavily?
What should I do if back blows donÕt work?
What should I do if the person becomes unresponsive?
Do I treat a child who is choking differently to how I treat an adult?
How do I treat a baby who is choking?
How can I check for a response?
Is it called the Ôrecovery positionÕ when you move a person onto their side and tilt their head back?
If I think the person has a back or neck injury, should I still turn them on their side?
Should I try talking to someone who is unresponsive and breathing?
What do I do if the unresponsive personÕs breathing doesnÕt seem normal?
What should I do if someone is feeling faint?
How do I treat a baby who is unresponsive and breathing?
How can I check for a response?
What if IÕm on my own when I find someone unresponsive and not breathing?
Why do I have to tilt their head back to check for breathing?
What are chest compressions?
How long should I do chest compressions for?
Will I break their ribs?
Do I do chest compressions differently on a child or baby?
What should I do if I hear noisy or irregular breathing?
What if I make a mistake and do chest compressions, but the person is still breathing?
ArenÕt I supposed to give rescue breaths too?
How do I give rescue breaths?
Will I restart the heart if I give chest compressions?
What is an automated external defibrillator (AED)?
What should I do if someone has been rescued from drowning and is unresponsive and not breathing?
What is an automated external defibrillator (AED)?
Who can use an AED?
Will I restart the personÕs heart if I use an AED?
If I am alone, should I leave the person to get an AED?
If an AED isnÕt immediately available, how do I help an unresponsive and not breathing person?
How easy are AEDs to use?
Can I use an automated external defibrillator on a baby or child?
Should I put butter or cream on a burn?
Should I use ice to cool the burn?
How do I know when to go to hospital?
Should I put a plaster over a burn to make sure it doesn't get infected?
Should I try to keep their tongue forward or put something in their mouth to stop them biting themselves?
How do I know if they have epilepsy?
When should I call 911?
What is diabetes?
What are the signs and symptoms of a diabetic emergency?
What happens in a diabetic emergency?
What should I give them to eat or drink?
But some people have high blood sugar levels, so wonÕt giving them sugary drinks or food make their diabetic emergency worse?
How will I know if this is a long-term condition for the person?
What should I do if they become unresponsive as a result of a diabetic emergency?
How should I decide when to call an ambulance?
How can I tell if someone has taken poison or another harmful substance?
What are poisons and harmful substances?
Can I give them something to drink?
Why shouldnÕt I make the person sick?
What should I do while I wait for the ambulance to arrive?
What should I do if the person becomes unresponsive?
What should I do if I think the person has taken poison or another harmful substance, but they seem fine?
Will I become traumatized if I help people who have been in an accident or are distressed?
What if they donÕt know or canÕt tell me what they want?
What should I do if I think theyÕre over-reacting?
If I don't have any ice, what can I use?
How long should I apply an ice pack to the injury for?
Should I call an ambulance?
I was taught that to treat a strain or sprain, I should use R.I.C.E. Can I still use this?
What do I do after I have put an ice pack on the injury?
IÕve heard that you can use a warm cloth or alternate between warm and cold treatment. Is this wrong?
How can I tell if someone has a strain or sprain?
WhatÕs the difference between a strain and a sprain?
What is hypothermia?
What are the signs and symptoms of hypothermia?
What should I do if the person is outside?
If the person is outside, will they also have frostbite?
What drinks or food can I give someone with hypothermia?
What if I don't have a blanket?
What is meningitis?
How do I check whether a rash is a sign of meningitis?
What does the rash look like?
Will the symptoms be different for a baby?
What kind of food can cause allergic reactions?
How will I know if it is a severe allergic reaction?
What is anaphylactic shock?
Can I give them an auto-injection?
What should I do if the person becomes unresponsive and stops breathing?